Attached to this lecture here you'll find the starting project you can see here.
I just started it with NPM start it uses create Riak project I did and edited to use CSSA modules instead
of just import CSA as files so that they affect the project globally.
But that doesn't pose an issue here.
And I got a couple of containers or one container and a couple of components.
As you can see at the example of the full post component here which is responsible for rendering this
part here I even have class based components here as components because I plan on adding some local
state and some lifecycle hooks to these components which is why I set them up like this.
Still I only have one component which will distribute some properties down to Obert components.
This is the root page you could say which should render some posts at the top then a full post with
some details about a post be clicked on and the area for creating a new post you can see all these features
here on that page.
Now I do have some dummy content here because I want to load that post data from a server.
And for that we're not going to use a real server.
We will do that though in the next module when we apply some HTP functionality to our course project.
But here I will use some placeholder which you can find at J some placeholder dot type code dot com
which simply is a back end a restful API backend which you typically use as I explained in the last
lecture where you can send requests to to fetch some dummy data or to simulate storing sometimes data
there though you won't actually store something on that.
Of course it's just faking some data but exactly what we need for learning how to send age to repeat
requests.
For example you can send a request to Dad you earlier a GET request and you will get an array of javascript
object of dummy posts.
And this actually is what I want to start with.
So we will start with that in the next lecture.
But we of course need some way of sending DS Ajax requests.
And here you have basically two options.
Javascript of course has the Exham l h to the request object.
This object here with that you can construct your own Ajax requests and send them to a specific your
L and handle the response.
Nothing wrong with dead since re-act is just about writing javascript everywhere.
You can of course use all the javascript features including Exham L.H. TDP request but writing and configuring
requests with that object manually is quite cumbersome.
So the second option is to use package a third party library which makes that easier.
And for that I recommend using X years x years as a third party javascript library which you can add
to any javascript project.
It's not connected to react at all.
But of course it fits nicely into the EC because it's well javascript and DXi is page here on get have
is a good starting point to learn more about the package.
I will of course walk you for some of its core features in this module though.
But again this is not something I strongly connect to react ex-U.S. can be used in any javascript code.
So let's install X-ists in this lecture already and then get started using it in the next lecture to
install X.
Yes I will quick my development server with control C and then run NPM install ex-U.S. dash dash save
to all the store and entry the package adjacent file.
This will download and store the package and with that we can start using it in the next lecture to
fetch some posts so that we restart development server with NPM start and then you in the next lecture
to download some posts and output them there.